Update /about page, add new team members & add /support (#167)
OpenSats/website: data/authors/arvin.mdx

---
name: Arvin
nym: arvin
avatar: /static/images/volunteers/arvin.jpg
occupation: Volunteer
company: OpenSats
email: arvin@opensats.org
nostr: npub18p66zmyh3q2rgejqencuz6dduuggdn7arg4eqn6x44jerxyy2mys670x7y
github: https://github.com/Arvin21M
volunteer: true
---

Arvin's two-decade career in mortgage lending and financial technology
cultivated a passion for empowering innovation. These experiences ignited his
interest in combining emerging technologies with traditional systems to improve

> user experiences, driving Arvin to launch a financial technology venture in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user experiences, driving Arvin to launch a fintech venture in
```
